[MUSIC]
My name is Damar,
I'm a security engineer here at Google.
I've always wanted to get into
cybersecurity since I was a kid.
A lot of the cartoons I watched, they
had like floppy disks or flash drives, and
they would put that in the computer and
kind of like cause havoc.
[LAUGH] So
I always thought that was really cool.
I've had quite a bit of jobs
before coming to Google.
I originally started out making
smoothies at Jamba Juice.
I got my first IT technological
kind of job at Geek Squad and
then eventually came here and
became a security engineer.
My advice to people trying to get into
cybersecurity is it may be a lot easier
than you think.
[LAUGH] It definitely was
a lot easier than I thought.
Something that I learned jumping in myself
is that you're not going to be able to
learn everything all at once, and
you're not going to need to
know everything all at once.
Linux is very important
because it's broadly
used across pretty much every company.
You may use Linux to curate logs.
It's a very common practice
you may also use Linux to set up
bash jobs that will help with
routine tasks within Linux.
I first got interested in learning
Linux from the Jurassic Park movie.
There's a scene in the movie where they
need to reactivate the electrical doors,
and they have to use a UNIX
operating system to do so.
So later on, I learned what UNIX was and
how Linux came from it,
and it inspired me to learn more about Linux.
The best advice I can give someone
that's trying to learn Linux and
Linux commands is, don't get discouraged
by any small hiccups that come up.
Just keep with it.
Stick with it.
Think of it as when you first
learned to swim, right,
you probably weren't that great at it.
[LAUGH] It was frustrating, and
you were probably a little scared, but
you're stuck with it and
I hope that you're able to swim now.
[LAUGH] There are a plethora of
support resources when learning Linux.
One good example is the discussion
forum in the certificate course.
Another avenue of support for learning
Linux is just googling answers using
Stack Overflow,
maybe even making a Reddit post.
I love working in cybersecurity.
It's pretty satisfying to know that me and
my team and
then like all the other security teams
here at Google are helping protect people
online from things they
may not even know about.
[SOUND]